document update (#25)
SAP-samples/cloud-extension-graph-sample: documentation/Execute Example Scenario/README.md

9. Now, go back to the Geo Relations application to see if the new Business Partner has been updated in the UI.

>  *Troubleshoot* : if BP is not reflecting on the Geo Relations application ,Card: "Set Up SAP BTP and SAP S4HANA Cloud"(Manage Your Solution for Event Handling in the SAP S/4HANA Cloud System) ,kinldy remove and add the Outbound Topic binding again.It works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *Troubleshoot* : If BP is not reflecting on the Geo Relations application, remove and add the Outbound Topic binding again as described in the chapter [Set Up SAP BTP and SAP S4HANA Cloud](https://github.com/SAP-samples/cloud-extension-graph-sample/blob/main/documentation/Set%20Up%20SAP%20BTP%20and%20SAP%20S/4HANA/README.md).
```
